Demisto-sdk release 1.37.4 (#4925)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
## 1.37.4 (2025-05-04)
### Fix

> * Fixed an issue where the metadata.json file was being generated from the old file during prepare-content flow. [#4892](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4892)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue in ***prepare-content*** command where the metadata.json file was being generated from an old file. [#4892](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4892)
```

> * Fixed an issue with generate-unit-tests command where client init args where not used. [#4889](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4889)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue with ***generate-unit-tests*** command where client init args where not used. [#4889](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4889)
```

> * Fixed an issue in ***generate-unit-tests*** command where client init args where not used. [#4889](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4889)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue in ***generate-unit-tests*** command where client init arguments where not used. [#4889](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4889)
```
